---
layout: page
title: Mobile installation instructions
slug: mobile
---

The mobile application makes studying on-the-go way easier.
You can revise for your exams on the bus, at work, or otherwise when you have time to waste.

You can also use the AnkiWeb webpage in your phone's browser if you do not want to install the application.
While you won't get access to all of the functionality, this is still a very good option.

## iOS

There is only one working application for iOS devices.
Unfortunately, this application costs 29.99€ (one-time payment).
I suggest buying the application to support the Anki developers.
By buying the applications you will also get access to all of Anki's features.

**Link to the App Store: <https://apps.apple.com/fi/app/ankimobile-flashcards/id373493387>**

After opening the application, click on `Synchronize` and log in with your AnkiWeb account.
You will immediately get access to the questionbank you installed earlier.

> **Note:** You do not need to buy the application if you do not want to.
> You can also use Anki in your browser at <https://ankiweb.net/>.

## Android

There is a free application called AnkiDroid available for Android devices.
I recommend installing the application to get access to all of Anki's features.

**Google Play link: <https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.ichi2.anki&pli=1>**

After opening the application, click on `Synchronize` and log in with your AnkiWeb account.
You will immediately get access to the questionbank you installed earlier.

## Browser

You can also use Anki in the browser.

Open <https://ankiweb.net/> in your browser and log in.
You will get to use Anki without installing anything.

## Next steps

Continue to the Anki usage instructions, which will tell you how to use Anki most efficiently for revision: [**Anki usage instructions**](/usage)
