---
layout: page
title: Start
slug: start
---

Welcome to the LAPL/PPL(A) questionbank manual!

This webpage will guide you through installing the Anki application and importing the Finnish LAPL/PPL(A) questionbank into it.
The questions are available in both Finnish and English.
By using the application and the questionbank, you will be able to efficiently revise for each of Traficom's 9 LAPL/PPL(A) theory exams.

## Why Anki?

Anki is a free application that uses the [spaced repetition](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Spaced_repetition) technique to get you to remember information and to move knowledge to your long-term memory.
The application works as follows:
- You will get ~20 new questions per theory exam per day
  - If this feels like too much or too little, you can adjust the amount in the application settings
- You answer all of the questions
  - Don't worry if you don't know the answer or if the topic is new for you. Try anyway.
  - Also, don't worry if you can't answer all the questions at once.
  There is no time limit in Anki, and you will revise the questions one at a time anyway.
  You can, for example, practice the questions on your phone in the bus or when you're on a break from work for as much time as you have available.
- After answering a question, you can choose how hard you thought it was
  - Anki will start repeating the questions you found difficult more, and the ones you found easy less
  - The questions you found difficult will also show up in the following days
- You continue doing this until you can answer all of Traficom's theory questions.
Although this might seem like a daunting task, you can actually get this done quite easily in a few weeks or months!
Many students who use Anki pass their exams on their first try.  

Anki's approach to learning is way better than many others that are commonly used.
For example, some students try to revise for the exams by going through the questionbank once and leaving it at that.
This isn't good, since these students don't get to repeat and revise the difficult questions.
There are also some question bank applications that give you just a random set of questions whenever you want to revise.
This also doesn't work, since then you don't get to focus on the questions that you personally find difficult.

## Note

This questionbank was made by volunteers.
The idea of this project is to help the Finnish general aviation community and to give flight students access to good quality and free resources.

All of the questions and answers have been checked by a CFI.
However, if you find a mistake in the questions, please report it by sending an email to **pplteoriat /ät/ gmail.com**.

The question bank might be missing some of Traficom's newer questions. Unfortunately, this is especially evident in the English questionbank.
I would be very grateful if you could submit newer questions along with their correct answers either via email or [GitHub](https://github.com/ppl-teoriat/ppl-teoriat.github.io/issues) :)

## Sounds good!

Proceed to downloading and configuring Anki and the question bank:

[**Installation instructions**](/install)
